README.md, before:

![logo](src/images/spotifyguesser-logo-nobg.png)
# spotifyguesser.io

The purpose of this project is to practice React.js and API fetching using Spotify's API.

The goal of the game is to guess the given songs, and the more songs you are able to guess, the higher score you will receive.

### Familiarized myself with:
- React.js Hooks (State/Effect)
- Asynchronous API (async/await)
- JSX, components, css modules, etc.

(React.js, JavaScript, HTML, CSS)

### To try the game yourself, you need to...
- Firstly, open your favourite code editor (I used Visual Studio Code)
- Then, clone the repository by entering the following into your terminal:

<blockquote>

    git clone https://github.com/rayzhou4/spotifyguesser.io.git

</blockquote>

- Afterwards, install the required packages by entering:

<blockquote>

    npm install

    npm install npm-run-all --save-dev

    npm install dotenv --save-dev

    npm install express --save-dev

    npm install request --save-dev

    npm install http-proxy-middleware --save-dev

</blockquote>

- Finally, you can run the application by entering:

<blockquote>

    npm run dev

</blockquote>

### Potential Updates:
- Deployment as a website
- Multiplayer feature
- Settings to change certain features like how many guesses you get, volume, difficulty, etc
- More genre/playlist choices (plus custom playlist?)
- More engaging website design

Commit message:

added that spotify premium is required to play the game

README.md, after:

![logo](src/images/spotifyguesser-logo-nobg.png)
# spotifyguesser.io

The purpose of this project is to practice React.js and API fetching using Spotify's API.

The goal of the game is to guess the given songs, and the more songs you are able to guess, the higher score you will receive.

### Familiarized myself with:
- React.js Hooks (State/Effect)
- Asynchronous API (async/await)
- JSX, components, css modules, etc.

(React.js, JavaScript, HTML, CSS)

### To try the game yourself, you can either...
- play on deployed app or,
- play locally
- **NOTE**: you need to be on a **desktop** and have **Spotify Premium** to play 

#### Playing Online
- Click [here](https://spotifyguesser-io.vercel.app/)

#### Playing Locally
- Firstly, open your favourite code editor (I used Visual Studio Code)
- Then, clone the repository by entering the following into your terminal:

<blockquote>

    git clone https://github.com/rayzhou4/spotifyguesser.io.git

</blockquote>

- Afterwards, install the required packages by entering:

<blockquote>

    npm install

    npm install npm-run-all --save-dev

    npm install dotenv --save-dev

    npm install express --save-dev

    npm install request --save-dev

    npm install http-proxy-middleware --save-dev

</blockquote>

- Finally, you can run the application by entering:

<blockquote>

    npm run dev

</blockquote>

### Potential Updates:
- ~~Deployment as a website~~
- Multiplayer feature
- Settings to change certain features like how many guesses you get, volume, difficulty, etc
- More genre/playlist choices (plus custom playlist?)
- More engaging website design
